chore: update readme to describe additional step for building registry (#983)
redhat-developer/devspaces: dependencies/che-plugin-registry/README.md

## Plugin Registry Build Process
The DS plugin registry is a fork of the upstream [Che plugin registry](https://github.com/eclipse-che/che-plugin-registry). While the build logic to build the actual registry is very similar to upstream, the steps required to actually build + publish the DS plugin registry images is quite different.

> In case the plugin registry is going to be used in a specific DevSpaces version, such as 3.x, before building, it is necessary to switch to the appropriate branch, such as devspaces-3.x-rhel-8. It is essential to have correct tags and references to the images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build the devfile registry for use with a specific Dev Spaces 3.yy version, it is necessary to check out the  appropriate `devspaces-3.yy-rhel-8` branch. This will ensure the build contains the correct tags and references to the images. The `devspaces-3-rhel-8` branch is for the upcoming 3.next release.
```
